Speak guys from Brazil teams.
My name is Moura. We are here.
covering the IG event and showing the
latest news for you
highlighting now by the lg joy that is
this entry smartphone that he already
will be launching our market
the jewelry a fairly simple device is
for a start he was a single
device displayed with android still on
version 4.4 kitkat but there is
expectation that it will be updated
for android 5.0
it is the dual sim smartphone and comes with
versions with and without digital tv will
confirming the android version
seeing that he is running kitkat it
comes with a dual core processor of 1.2
ghz of which probably a
snapdragon 200 has 512 megabytes of
RAM and 4 GB of storage
internal here we are seeing that
really an appliance with
simple features but you should
have a very competitive price
competing on equal terms with
other incoming smartphones but with
it has good technical characteristics
a 4-inch lcd screen with
resolution 800 by 480 pixels
this gives it a density of 233 pp
It will come with the gps radio fm its battery
will be 1900 my skin zone your camera
5 megapixel rear is one
camera with flash and it has a camera
frontal in the pattern eg an
note that you chose it and do not use the
buttons on the back as in the
g2 in g3 and in the new releases of lg
the volume buttons are still on the
side as well as the power button
off interesting that the digital TV already
with the updated software has a
visual pretty cool even has the
options to record and take screenshots
the multitasking buttons back to the
Miniature are capacitive and are in
own appliance
this is good in the case of joy because the screen
it is only 4 inches and is
It is interesting that the buttons are not
occupying TV space tv antenna
joy digital is retractable type and
embedded in the device itself here
we notice that the joy is a pretty device
but it could be a device
interesting if you have a fair price
competitive and that's it folks
these were our first
lg joy impressions that will have two
versions with and without digital tv
I hope you have enjoyed this
video and be sure to sign up for
our favorite channel on and share
also this video helping them to grow
and bring news to you
A hug to everyone and until next time